How the Model Works:

The Model starts by randomly generating aN amount of sellers at random patches, these sellers act as our main agents to 
demonstrate wealth distribution and social capital, each of these agents has 3 properties in relation to these:

wealth -> How much stock a seller is allowed to sell per time window. i.e if 10 can only sell 10 in time period
reputation -> The radius of influence a seller is allowed sell in. if 10 can sell within 10 patchs
sales -> The amount of sales made by a seller in a given timeframe. can be any integer up to wealth number

Wealth and Reputation work as the main measurements of capital, both social and value.

Each world generated consists of buyers and sellers, the buyers walk a random path, each step they take is towards
a goal patch, when they reach this patch they will assign a new goal patch to walk to.

Each Seller has a reputation score that physically is represented by a red radius around them, when a buyer steps into
this radius the seller will make a sale, this will cause a series of logical operations to occur in the seller agent.
(Each Buyer can only create 1 sale while they are in the radius they have to exit the radius in order to make another
purchase.)
1. The sales count during the current time window will increment (Sales this window + 1)

2. When a sale is made, a random number will be generated, this number will determine whether the stores reputation will
increase or decrease, for example a roll between 0, 1 and 2 where 1 means increase and 2 means decrease and 0 means stay
same, increases will be static but decreases can be scaled, in our model we tested a scaling decrease to determine whether
if larger businesses or smaller businesses are affected by damage to their reputation, when we run the model we will be able
to detemerine what the outcome to this question is or if it doesn't matter at all (This is what Mary Lee suggested we do)

When a reputation increases the radius around that store will grow in size.

We will have a total radius for all stores, this means if we have 5 stores the total of their radius' will add up to 100,
this prevents logical errors such as multiple stores having a radius bigger than our models world.

If two radius were to both increase and touch each other, we will have a roll to determine who will grow in radius and who
will decrease this roll will be random but shifted in favour of the store closest to the center, this communicates positional
advantage in the matthew effect.

We calculate the radius segment of each store like this: (StoreRep/TotalRep) x TotalRadius = Radius.

3.After a time window set by ticks in our model, all sales counts get compared to the wealth of the sellers this will 
determine how their wealth increases and by how much. The following formula shows this


if: SalesMadeInWindow < Wealth/2 -> Wealth = Wealth - ((Wealth/2) - Sales Made) this is a decrease
else if: SalesMadeInWindow > Wealth/2 -> Wealth = Wealth + SalesMadeInWindow - (Wealth/2)
else: SalesMadeInWindow = Wealth/2 -> Wealth stays the same